README.md, before:


# DAppHealthGuard 🚑🔗

[![Live Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/🚀_Live_Demo-GitHub_Pages-success?style=for-the-badge)](https://badrish2609.github.io/DApp-HealthGuard)
[![Live App](https://img.shields.io/badge/🌐_Live_App-Railway-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://pleasant-tranquility-production.up.railway.app)

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/Frontend-React-blue?logo=react)
![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/SmartContracts-Solidity-black?logo=solidity)
![Ethereum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blockchain-Ethereum-3C3C3D?logo=ethereum)
![MetaMask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web3-MetaMask-orange?logo=metamask)
![Machine Learning](https://img.shields.io/badge/AI%2FML-Integrated-brightgreen)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)

## 🌐 Live Deployments

| Platform | Status | URL | Description |
|----------|---------|-----|-------------|
| **GitHub Pages** | ✅ Active | [🚀 **VIEW LIVE DEMO**](https://badrish2609.github.io/DApp-HealthGuard) | Primary deployment - React frontend |
| **Railway** | ✅ Active | [🌐 **VIEW LIVE APP**](https://pleasant-tranquility-production.up.railway.app) | Alternative deployment - Full stack |

> **Click either link above to instantly view the live Healthcare DApp!**

**DAppHealthGuard** is a decentralized healthcare management system that integrates **Blockchain, Machine Learning, and AI** to deliver secure, intelligent, and user-friendly healthcare solutions.

---

## 📌 Features

* **Blockchain (Ethereum/Ganache + Solidity):** Immutable storage of patient & doctor records
* **Machine Learning:** Real-time health risk assessment with risk categories & recommendations
* **AI Chat (Gemini):** Context-aware consultations using patient health data
* **Email Automation (EmailJS/SMTP):** Professional appointment notifications
* **Web3 Integration:** MetaMask wallet connectivity for authentication & transactions
* **Modern Frontend (React + MUI):** Responsive, accessible UI

---

## 🏗️ System Architecture

```
React Frontend ──> Smart Contracts ──> Blockchain (Ganache/Ethereum)
       │
       ├── ML Risk Engine
       ├── AI Chat System
       └── Email Notification Service
       │
    MetaMask Wallet
```

---

## 💻 Technology Stack

**Frontend:** React.js 18+, Material-UI, Ethers.js, JavaScript ES6+
**Blockchain:** Ethereum, Solidity, Ganache, MetaMask
**AI/ML:** JS ML algorithms, Context-aware AI, Real-time risk analysis
**External Services:** EmailJS, SMTP for email notifications

---

## 🔑 Core Components

* **App.js** – Main app controller (state, routing, blockchain auth)
* **RiskAssessment.js** – ML-powered patient health risk scoring
* **AIChat.js** – AI-driven health consultations (Gemini integration)
* **Email Service** – Automated appointment notifications

---

## 🔐 Security & Authentication

* Blockchain-based authentication (patients/doctors)
* Role-based access control
* Hashed password storage on-chain
* MetaMask wallet verification

---

## 🎨 UI/UX

* Dark-theme healthcare dashboard (MUI)
* Responsive across devices
* Real-time feedback for blockchain transactions
* Accessibility features (ARIA + keyboard navigation)

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

**🌟 Want to see it in action? Choose your preferred deployment:**

### Option 1: GitHub Pages (Recommended)
```
👆 Click the "Live Demo" button above
OR visit: https://badrish2609.github.io/DApp-HealthGuard
```

### Option 2: Railway Platform  
```
👆 Click the "Live App" button above  
OR visit: https://pleasant-tranquility-production.up.railway.app
```

---

## 🚀 Deployment & Testing

### 🌐 Production Deployments
- **GitHub Pages**: Automatic deployment via GitHub Actions
- **Railway**: Continuous deployment with Docker containerization
- **Both platforms**: Sync automatically with this repository

### 🔧 Local Development Setup

```bash
# Start Ganache (local blockchain)
ganache-gui

# Frontend setup
cd healthcareDapp
npm install
npm start
```

### MetaMask Configuration

* **Network:** Ganache Local
* **RPC URL:** [http://127.0.0.1:8545](http://127.0.0.1:8545)
* **Chain ID:** 1337

---

## 📈 Future Enhancements

* IPFS for medical file storage
* Multi-chain deployment (Polygon, Ethereum mainnet)
* Native mobile app support
* Prescription & insurance smart contracts
* Telemedicine & IoT device integration

---

## 🎯 Value Proposition

* **For Developers:** End-to-end full-stack blockchain + AI/ML learning project
* **For Healthcare:** Secure health records, AI consultations, automated workflows
* **For Patients:** Ownership of health data, instant risk analysis, personalized care

---

## ✅ Conclusion

**DAppHealthGuard** showcases how **Blockchain + AI/ML + Web3** can transform healthcare with secure data management, intelligent risk prediction, and seamless patient-doctor interactions.
Ready for **demonstration, testing, and further development** 🚀

---

Commit message:

Update README: Railway deployment status - GitHub Pages working perfectly

README.md, after:


# DAppHealthGuard 🚑🔗

[![Live Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/🚀_Live_Demo-GitHub_Pages-success?style=for-the-badge)](https://badrish2609.github.io/DApp-HealthGuard)
[![Railway Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/🚧_Railway-Deploying-orange?style=for-the-badge)](#)

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/Frontend-React-blue?logo=react)
![Solidity](https://img.shields.io/badge/SmartContracts-Solidity-black?logo=solidity)
![Ethereum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blockchain-Ethereum-3C3C3D?logo=ethereum)
![MetaMask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web3-MetaMask-orange?logo=metamask)
![Machine Learning](https://img.shields.io/badge/AI%2FML-Integrated-brightgreen)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)

## 🌐 Live Deployments

| Platform | Status | URL | Description |
|----------|---------|-----|-------------|
| **GitHub Pages** | ✅ Active | [🚀 **VIEW LIVE DEMO**](https://badrish2609.github.io/DApp-HealthGuard) | Primary deployment - React frontend |
| **Railway** | 🔄 Deploying | [🌐 **URL Coming Soon**](#) | Alternative deployment - Full stack |

> **Click the "VIEW LIVE DEMO" link above to instantly view the Healthcare DApp!**
> 
> *Railway deployment URL will be updated once deployment is complete.*

**DAppHealthGuard** is a decentralized healthcare management system that integrates **Blockchain, Machine Learning, and AI** to deliver secure, intelligent, and user-friendly healthcare solutions.

---

## 📌 Features

* **Blockchain (Ethereum/Ganache + Solidity):** Immutable storage of patient & doctor records
* **Machine Learning:** Real-time health risk assessment with risk categories & recommendations
* **AI Chat (Gemini):** Context-aware consultations using patient health data
* **Email Automation (EmailJS/SMTP):** Professional appointment notifications
* **Web3 Integration:** MetaMask wallet connectivity for authentication & transactions
* **Modern Frontend (React + MUI):** Responsive, accessible UI

---

## 🏗️ System Architecture

```
React Frontend ──> Smart Contracts ──> Blockchain (Ganache/Ethereum)
       │
       ├── ML Risk Engine
       ├── AI Chat System
       └── Email Notification Service
       │
    MetaMask Wallet
```

---

## 💻 Technology Stack

**Frontend:** React.js 18+, Material-UI, Ethers.js, JavaScript ES6+
**Blockchain:** Ethereum, Solidity, Ganache, MetaMask
**AI/ML:** JS ML algorithms, Context-aware AI, Real-time risk analysis
**External Services:** EmailJS, SMTP for email notifications

---

## 🔑 Core Components

* **App.js** – Main app controller (state, routing, blockchain auth)
* **RiskAssessment.js** – ML-powered patient health risk scoring
* **AIChat.js** – AI-driven health consultations (Gemini integration)
* **Email Service** – Automated appointment notifications

---

## 🔐 Security & Authentication

* Blockchain-based authentication (patients/doctors)
* Role-based access control
* Hashed password storage on-chain
* MetaMask wallet verification

---

## 🎨 UI/UX

* Dark-theme healthcare dashboard (MUI)
* Responsive across devices
* Real-time feedback for blockchain transactions
* Accessibility features (ARIA + keyboard navigation)

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

**🌟 Want to see it in action? Choose your preferred deployment:**

### Option 1: GitHub Pages (✅ Working Now!)
```
👆 Click the "Live Demo" button above
OR visit: https://badrish2609.github.io/DApp-HealthGuard
```

### Option 2: Railway Platform (🔄 Deploying)
```
Railway deployment in progress - URL will be updated once ready
Check Railway dashboard for current status
```

---

## 🚀 Deployment & Testing

### 🌐 Production Deployments
- **GitHub Pages**: Automatic deployment via GitHub Actions
- **Railway**: Continuous deployment with Docker containerization
- **Both platforms**: Sync automatically with this repository

### 🔧 Local Development Setup

```bash
# Start Ganache (local blockchain)
ganache-gui

# Frontend setup
cd healthcareDapp
npm install
npm start
```

### MetaMask Configuration

* **Network:** Ganache Local
* **RPC URL:** [http://127.0.0.1:8545](http://127.0.0.1:8545)
* **Chain ID:** 1337

---

## 📈 Future Enhancements

* IPFS for medical file storage
* Multi-chain deployment (Polygon, Ethereum mainnet)
* Native mobile app support
* Prescription & insurance smart contracts
* Telemedicine & IoT device integration

---

## 🎯 Value Proposition

* **For Developers:** End-to-end full-stack blockchain + AI/ML learning project
* **For Healthcare:** Secure health records, AI consultations, automated workflows
* **For Patients:** Ownership of health data, instant risk analysis, personalized care

---

## ✅ Conclusion

**DAppHealthGuard** showcases how **Blockchain + AI/ML + Web3** can transform healthcare with secure data management, intelligent risk prediction, and seamless patient-doctor interactions.
Ready for **demonstration, testing, and further development** 🚀

---
